AngularJS/NotesFromClass.md, before:

**What the class is:** very introductory, it assumes no knowledge of angularJS, no javascript background expected, can get you "Up and running"

**What this class insn't:** Not advanced at all.

8:44 AM 9/3/2014 - GulpJS, he bought a domain: democode.us

`npm -v` - show the current version of NodePackageManger(npm)
 

*KnockoutJS* -> intro to JS for .NET developers
Sublime text - Apple editor

8:58 AM 9/3/2014 - bower, client side stuff

`npm install bower -g`-> the -g makes it work with all node/AngularJS without the -g it will only install with the local project.

`bower init`

`npm install gulp gulp-connect --save-dev`
	
save puts into the dependencies makes it easier to let other ppl use without including the dependencies.  It doesn't actually put the requirements into the project, you will have to download them on your own if you download it from Git.

MSBuild -> http://bit.ly/WiIdGb 

http://goo.gl/uwVwld --> code Download for the class
https://gist.github.com/leebrandt/58db671abcccef52b89b/download#

**Learning information:**
	-- One I found >>http://www.toptal.com/angular-js/a-step-by-step-guide-to-your-first-angularjs-app#.
	http://markgoodyear.com/2014/01/getting-started-with-gulp/
	Instructors Git site: https://gist.github.com/leebrandt  -- All code will be available later today.

To remove the /#/ is the $locationProvider but the page will not work correctly...it looks like if index.html is the main page it will probably work...

javascript promise - A new way of doing async Javascript

api.democode.us -- heroku 
`ng-repeat` -> foreach in the html
angular has built in validators
ng-* is called directives, you can create your own too.

##Things to look at:##
egghead.io
johnpapa.net
john lindquist

Commit message:

Slight changes to the Markdown notes for this repo

AngularJS/NotesFromClass.md, after:

# AngularJS Kickstart #

----------

**What the class is:** very introductory, it assumes no knowledge of angularJS, no javascript background expected, can get you "Up and running"

**What this class insn't:** Not advanced at all.

GulpJS is used in this class.  He bought a domain: http://democode.us for use for this class

`npm -v` - show the current version of NodePackageManger(npm)
 

*KnockoutJS* -> intro to JS for .NET developers
Sublime text - Apple editor

8:58 AM 9/3/2014 - bower, client side stuff

`npm install bower -g`-> the -g makes it work with all node/AngularJS without the -g it will only install with the local project.

`bower init`

`npm install gulp gulp-connect --save-dev`
	
save puts into the dependencies makes it easier to let other ppl use without including the dependencies.  It doesn't actually put the requirements into the project, you will have to download them on your own if you download it from Git.

MSBuild -> http://bit.ly/WiIdGb 

http://goo.gl/uwVwld --> code Download for the class
https://gist.github.com/leebrandt/58db671abcccef52b89b/download#

**Learning information:**
	-- One I found >>http://www.toptal.com/angular-js/a-step-by-step-guide-to-your-first-angularjs-app#.
	http://markgoodyear.com/2014/01/getting-started-with-gulp/
	Instructors Git site: https://gist.github.com/leebrandt  -- All code will be available later today.

To remove the /#/ is the $locationProvider but the page will not work correctly...it looks like if index.html is the main page it will probably work...

javascript promise - A new way of doing async Javascript

api.democode.us -- heroku 
`ng-repeat` -> foreach in the html
angular has built in validators
ng-* is called directives, you can create your own too.

##Things to look at:##
egghead.io
johnpapa.net
john lindquist
